This story is transmitted to the Miyazaki Prefecture Saito Baru from a long time ago
It is a story of the demon who wanted to marry a princess by all means
A powerful demon lived in a place called Nishitobara
Very the force is wide wide west Miyakobaru was one of the two all
But there was something I did n't eat
It is your daughter-in-law's
I was looking for a bride who is in the
The one day that it has found a beautiful princess
The princess's name is Hoki Saki Hanahana
As named as beautiful as a lot of flower care are blooming
The movie was beautiful as if the b flower bloomed
What a beautiful princess
What a beautiful long hair
What a beautiful smile
It all means what you want to in my daughter-in-law
How will the princess be a demon's bride?
The wo thought was a two-be to meet princess father
Miki Hoki, the father of Osaki
It was a mountain god
Upon exiting in front of the garden of a large Yamazumi God
I asked you to please my daughter-in-law
It is the god of Oyama mochi that was surprised
Cute girl proud daughter
I can not see it with the nose or eyes of a demon
It's a big body in front of you
It is a demon with a horribly face
The God of Oyama Satoshi hatred to marry him
What should I do
Oh Oh troubled troubled
The god of Oyama Aoi heard from Hoki Saki Hoki
What do you think of demons
Princess shook his head Tsutsu
I am not going to marry a demon
The relieved god of Oyama Shiori told me to return to the place of the demon
So let's get one problem
It may be carried out to the daughter-in-law daughter if you can make a big rock and stone in until tomorrow's dawn
It must be completed in one day
Great pleasure
Very powerful to stand
Even a big rock lifts up lightly
How easy would it be to have a good smile
It is light but good taste
More stuff more stuff
A big rock house was built up during the night
A good attack I have a good smile
Early early
A huge rock was completed in no time
Per is still a pillow
Yoshi Yoshi It's easy with this
There is still time to rather than the most up
This princess is mine
I have drowsily asleep peace of mind the garden
Hmm
It was the god of Oyama Aoi who looked at it secretly
How big a rock is and is not finished when it comes to worrying
Big big stone is piled up wonderfully
The God of the Great Oyama-tei, who is surprised, does a little jealousy as it approaches rocks
Well what did you do
The god of Oyama Mio was made by a demon
I pulled a stone from the top of the rock shop and threw it away.
When the night dawned and a demon woke up, the god of Oyama came
How is the Iwaya done?
It was completed in fine this street
Because the demon is like that, the god of Oyama clan checked around and went around
And yelled out
Oh what is this
Is not a large hole is open to the top
What makes a house with a hole in the roof
Now the demon was surprised
Certainly there is a big hole even though it was finished
This is not Kansai
I can not afford to do this to my wife
God of large Yamazumi is this to propose our stated otherwise of Oni
I defended Kohana Kisaki
I was disappointed to leave
Rocks made by demons are located in Nishitobara Park
It is a very big burial mound called demon rock house
It says the ancient tomb in the tomb of the great people of long ago
There are many old tombs in the site balloon
When the demon Iwaya tomb is inside, a hole is opened in the ceiling of a large stone
This may be after the god of Oyama Aoi brought it
End
Goo